Age has reached the end of the beginning of a word. May be guilty in his seems to passing a lot of different life became the appearance of the same day; May be back in the past, to oneself the paranoid weird belief disillusionment, these days, my mind has been very messy, in my mind constantly. Always feel oneself should go to do something, or write something. Twenty years of life trajectory deeply shallow, suddenly feel something, do it.

　　一字开头的年龄已经到了尾声。或许是愧疚于自己似乎把转瞬即逝的很多个不同的日子过成了同一天的样子；或许是追溯过去，对自己那些近乎偏执的怪异信念的醒悟，这些天以来，思绪一直很凌乱，在脑海中不断纠缠。总觉得自己自己似乎应该去做点什么，或者写点什么。二十年的人生轨迹深深浅浅，突然就感觉到有些事情，非做不可了。

The end of our life, and can meet many things really do?

　　而穷尽我们的一生，又能遇到多少事情是真正地非做不可？

During my childhood, think lucky money and new clothes are necessary for New Year, but as the advance of the age, will be more and more found that those things are optional; Junior high school, thought to have a crush on just means that the real growth, but over the past three years later, his writing of alumni in peace, suddenly found that isn't really grow up, it seems is not so important; Then in high school, think don't want to give vent to out your inner voice can be in the high school children of the feelings in a period, but was eventually infarction when graduation party in the throat, later again stood on the pitch he has sweat profusely, looked at his thrown a basketball hoops, suddenly found himself has already can't remember his appearance.

　　童年时，觉得压岁钱和新衣服是过年必备，但是随着年龄的推进，会越来越发现，那些东西根本就可有可无；初中时，以为要有一场暗恋才意味着真正的成长，但三年过去后，自己心平气和的写同学录的时候，突然就发现是不是真正的成长了，好像并没有那么重要了；然后到了高中，觉得非要吐露出自己的心声才能为高中生涯里的懵懂情愫划上一个句点，但毕业晚会的时候最终还是被梗塞在了咽喉，后来再次站在他曾经挥汗如雨的球场，看着他投过篮球的球框时，突然间发现自己已经想不起他的容颜。

Originally, this world, can produce a chemical reaction to an event, in addition to resolutely, have to do, and time.

　　原来，这个世界上，对某个事件能产生化学反应的，除了非做不可的坚决，还有，时间。

A person's time, your ideas are always special to clear. Want, want, line is clear, as if nothing could shake his. Also once seemed to be determined to do something, but more often is he backed out at last. Dislike his cowardice, finally found that there are a lot of love, there are a lot of miss, like shadow really have been doomed. Those who do, just green years oneself give oneself an arm injection, or is a self-righteous spiritual.

　　一个人的时候，自己的想法总是特别地清晰。想要的，不想要的，界限明确，好像没有什么可以撼动自己。也曾经好像已经下定了决心去做某件事，但更多的时候是最后又打起了退堂鼓。嫌恶过自己的怯懦，最终却发现有很多缘分，有很多错过，好像冥冥之中真的已经注定。那些曾经所谓的非做不可，只是青葱年华里自己给自己注射的一支强心剂，或者说，是自以为是的精神寄托罢了。

At the moment, the sky is dark, the air is fresh factor after just rained. Suddenly thought of blue plaid shirt; Those were broken into various shapes of stationery; From the corner at the beginning of deep friendship; Have declared the end of the encounter that haven't start planning... Those years, those days of do, finally, like youth, will end in our life.

　　此刻，天空是阴暗的，空气里有着刚下过雨之后的清新因子。突然想到那件蓝格子衬衫；那些被折成各种各样形状的信纸；那段从街角深巷伊始的友谊；还有那场还没有开始就宣告了终结的邂逅计划……那些年那些天的非做不可，终于和青春一样，都将在我们的人生中谢幕。